MIG-1620: MTC VM storage migration (#91828)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mtc-vm-creating-mig-plan-yaml.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-migrating-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mtc-vm-creating-mig-plan-yaml_{context}"]
= Creating the migration plan using YAML manifests

You can create a migration plan using YAML. However, it is recommended to create a migration plan in the {mtc-first} web console.

.Procedure

. To migrate the `mig-vm` namespace, ensure that the `namespaces` field of the migration plan includes `mig-vm`.
. Modify the contents of the migration plan by adding `mig-vm` to the namespaces.
+
.Example migration plan YAML
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: migration.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigPlan
metadata:
  name: live-migrate-plan
  namespace: openshift-migration
spec:
  namespaces:
  - mig-vm # <1>
...
----
<1> Add `mig-vm` to the namespaces.

> * In order to attempt a live storage migration, the `liveMigrate` field in the migration plan specification must be set to true, and `KubeVirt` must be configred and be enabled to perform live storage migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To attempt a live storage migration, the `liveMigrate` field in the migration plan specification must be set to true, and `KubeVirt` must be configured, and be enabled to perform live storage migration.
```
